♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is the
island of Punk Hazard.
There, they face off against
the mad scientist, Caesar Clown,
who has unleashed a
terrifying bioweapon
known as "Land of the Dead."
Seeking to outrun the deadly gas
that threatens to overtake them,
the Straw Hats dash through
the massive laboratory
alongside their ally,
the Warlord, Trafalgar Law.
[KONBU]
Give us the candy now!
No, I can't!
Candy!
No way! You can't have it!
I don't care! The only thing...
Stop fighting me!
Please, just listen!
What was she thinking?
[CHOPPER] You need to spit
them all out right now!
Do you hear me? Mocha!
I told you what those
candies really are!
[ALL yell]
[SUBORDINATE T]
Look out!
[SUBORDINATE U]
It's Straw Hat Luffy!
What's he doing here?
Shoot him! Fire!
Where's Caesar?
Wait! I don't know anything.
[LUFFY]
Where's Caesar?
[LUFFY] "Brownbeard in Grief!
Luffy Lands a Furious Blow!"
[NARRATOR] The toxic gas from
Caesar's Land of the Dead
continues to flow into
the Third Laboratory.
It has already filled Building A
and now threatens to
consume Building B
and everyone inside it.
No good--that's the wrong way.
We need to go back. Quick!
[ZORO growls]
How is some stupid purple
gas outpacing me?
Because you keep going
in the wrong direction!
Come on little brats,
hold still!
What's takin' so long, G-5?
Get them sedated already!
[MARINE K]
Just a few more to go!
Please, children, don't resist.
[NAMI]
Try to calm down!
[MOCHA crying]
Come on, raccoon, hurry!
There's no time!
Don't give up, Mocha!
You're going to pull through.
Mo-Momonosuke!
[BROOK]
Ohh! You have to turn back!
You're running straight
towards the gas!
[gasps]
[BROWNBEARD]
There's no sign of anybody here.
I don't see any of my people!
What was that room?
It was seriously creepy.
[USOPP]
Uh?
What's in there?
[USOPP]
Hmm...
Hold on, I heard something.
Or I thought I did.
[SUBORDINATE A]
Uh! Master! Look!
[SUBORDINATE B]
That's Brownbeard!
[SUBORDINATE C]
I thought he was captured
by Straw Hat and his crew.
Looks like he's doin' okay.
It's a good thing
he made it back.
[growls]
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
[BROWNBEARD] The Video
Transponder Snail is running.
Which means...
Hey, soldiers of Punk Hazard.
Please, listen to me!
I know you're watching
from somewhere.
You need to know
you're all being fooled!
Caesar has told you
nothing but lies.
If you stay here,
you're all going to die!
What the hell?
Is this some kinda joke?
Did the Straw Hats brainwash
him after he was captured?
It looks lik he's on
the level just below us.
Building R, first floor.
That's not good.
If everything goes
according to plan, Master,
the Straw Hats and the Navy
will arrive there soon.
Maybe we should tell
him to come up here.
Hear me out and I'll tell
you the truth about Caesar.
No, don't. I'll go
speak with him myself.
[SUBORDINATE A]
Right. Then we'll come with you.
There you are!
What have we here?
My dear underling
Brownbeard has returned!
[CAESAR CLOWN] I'm glad
to see you made it safely
away from Straw Hat.
Tell me, how are you feeling?
I hate to say it,
but you look simply awful.
Get off me!
Oh, dear. You're in quite
a mood today, aren't you?
[laughs]
What's the matter?
I want my people back, Caesar!
We were ambushed by the pirates
at the center of the island,
but my men weren't killed.
They should've
returned here by now.
What's he thinking?
He's gotta be crazy,
yelling at the Master.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Hmm? Your people?
Let me think for a second.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
[CENTAUR A]
Are you there, Master?!
H-H-H-help! Please, Master!
What? Who is this?
Oh, are you Brownbeard's people?
What should we do? There are
Navy men at the main entrance.
The way in is blocked.
We can't get inside the lab!
Please help us, Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Oh, no! This is terrible!
Let me see what I
can do. Wait there.
I knew we could count on
you! Thank you so much!
[CENTAURS]
Thanks, Master!
What now?
How are you going to
let them in, Master?
Busy.
Just forget them.
The Land of the Dead will
swallow them up soon enough.
It's been a while since
I heard from them,
and I haven't seen them
in the laboratory.
Hold on, they're not here?
If that's the case,
then they must be--
[growls]
How awful. Poor Brownbeard.
All of your men lost to
the Land of the Dead,
and yet here you are.
What did you say?
Damn you, Caesar!
What's wrong? Why are
you attacking your master?
[yelling]
What is he doing?
If you think I'm gonna trust
anything you say, you're wrong!
Has Brownbeard totally
lost his mind?
Must have if he's
attacking the Master.
You need to listen.
We've been on this island
together for two years.
Trust me, you should all leave.
Caesar's not the
man you thought.
Do you want to know what he
calls you behind your backs?
Because I can tell you.
[BROWNBEARD]
He has a special name for you.
He calls you goony peg-- Uh?
Uh, guino pah! Huh?
G-Geeny poh.
Guino pah. Gunny
pegs! Geeny pogs!
[SUBORDINATES laughing]
[SUBORDINATE G] You get hit
on the head, Brownbeard?
[SUBORDINATE H]
What are you trying to say?
[SUBORDINATE I] Ha. Is that
a different language?
[SUBORDINATE J]
This is fun to watch!
Guinoh pooh-pooh's. Ginny pahs.
[SUBORDINATE G]
C'mon, spit it out!
[CAESAR CLOWN] All the little
fools who couldn't make it
in the New World will keep
worshipping me as their savior!
I only keep them around
as my guinea pigs,
just waiting for
their turn to die!
[BROWNBEARD]
Guinea pigs! Guinea pigs!
[groans]
[BROWNBEARD]
Why isn't it coming out right?
[gasps]
[BROWNBEARD] He did something
to me, didn't he?
[ALL gasp]
[ALL laughing]
Hey, what's wrong with ya now?
[SUBORDINATE H] This is a
pretty elaborate prank! Ha!
You okay, Brownbeard?
You're not looking so good.
It's probably the
muscle relaxer.
You seemed so tense,
I thought you could use
a little something.
[laughs]
[growls]
[SUBORDINATES laughing]
By the way, those men
you were asking about.
I do know what happened
to them, actually.
You see, I let them die!
[SUBORDINATES laughing]
[BROWNBEARD]
Damn it! Bastard!
How dare you!
How dare you kill my men
then laugh about it!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
And now, before we
lose you completely,
there is one more thing
that I think you should know.
[chuckles]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I'm sure you're familiar
with the chemical explosion
that devastated this
island four years ago,
nearly killing all of these men.
But what you don't know is that
I was the one responsible.
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
[laughing]
[BROWNBEARD] The explosion
wasn't Vegapunk's fault?
This monster hurt all these men,
and then passed himself
off as their savior?
[laughing]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
[screams]
Hey, what are you doing?
Stop attacking me!
I need some help here!
I think Brownbeard's
gone out of his mind!
[BROWNBEARD]
You have to go!
Everything that's
happened on this island
is part of Caesar's sick plan!
Get out while
there's still time!
He's no savior. He's a demon
disguised as a human!
What's your problem?
That's how you treat
the man who saved you?
Oh, no! He's going to hurt
someone if we don't stop him.
It's too late now.
Straw Hat must have
done something
to turn him against me!
What now?
You have to shoot him, quick!
Take him down before
he attacks you, too!
Now, fire!
[laughs]
And now, I'll finish him.
Gastanet.
[CAESAR CLOWN screams]
Oh, my, have we escaped the pit?
Are we free?
[LUFFY]
Yeah.
[MOMONOSUKE sighs]
[MOMONOSUKE] You were able to
scale the wall, I presume?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Now, fire!
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
[gunfire]
[LUFFY growls]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
And now, I'll finish him.
Right, you stay back here.
Gastanet.
[gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
[screaming]
Master!
What the--? It almost got me!
That was close.
What's going on? Who are you?
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[SUBORDINATES]
It's him! Straw Hat Luffy!
[SUBORDINATES gasping]
I owe everything to him.
His kindness saved my life,
as it saved others before me.
Vegapunk was an evil man,
but the Master is our savior.
[CAESAR CLOWN growls]
Return to the second
floor, everyone!
The rest of the Straw Hats
and the Navy fools
will be here soon.
Prepare for the experiment.
[SUBORDINATES]
Yes, sir!
Ready the broadcast
for the brokers.
--[SUBORDINATE E] Let's go!
--[SUBORDINATE F] Hustle!
Well, at any rate,
I'm sure they'll all die off
in about five years or so.
[laughs]
Hopefully no one will catch on
and we can bring in a new batch.
It was he! That's
the vile fiend!
The one who spoke of
harming the children.
He is an evil man!
I know he is.
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
How many people have you tricked
into coming to Punk Hazard?
What's your game?
What is this island?
[gasps]
[growls]
[laughs]
Very well.
You have your speculations,
but clearly you know nothing.
Shall I tell you
the island's secret?
We need to work faster!
[SUBORDINATE Q]
Hurry up!
Quick, check the video!
Get the elevator up now!
[SUBORDINATES shouting]
Well, Straw Hat.
You see, this island is
much like gas or air.
It exists, but it's invisible.
Do you get it now?
[gasps]
Just think!
An unfindable island,
impossible to log.
What place could
be more suitable
for the work of an
underground community?
This is the epicenter
of black science.
Here, I can perform all the
forbidden experiments I want
and gather test subjects
by any means necessary.
I have backers in high places
who are more than happy
to sweep any misdeeds
under the rug.
So the rest of the world
remains oblivious.
[laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN] Scream as loud as
you want. Cry a river of tears.
No one will come to the rescue.
For all your bluster,
you don't know a damn thing
about this island and
its dangers, Straw Hat.
Be smart and don't
involve yourself further.
You're signing your
own death sentence.
You fool.
Allying with Law was a bad idea.
His objective is to get
his hands on SAD.
That's why he's having
you kidnap me,
because he knows I'm the only
person who can create it.
What's SAD? Do you know?
I produce it here and ship it
off to Don Quixote Doflamingo.
That's right, the world's
most dangerous Warlord.
He owns a factory in which
SAD is processed into Smile.
But you don't know what
Smile is either, do you?
I'll enlighten you.
It's a scientific breakthrough
that may change
the world forever.
You see, Smile is a
man-made Devil Fruit
of the Zoan variety.
Anyone who seeks power
yearns for such a fruit.
[CAESAR CLOWN Doflamingo
capitalizes on this desire
by selling Smiles to major
players in the new world.
From what I hear,
one of the Four Emperors
has already begun using Smile
to create a personal army
of Devil Fruit eaters.
Doesn't it just send a
chill down your spine?
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
So, are you beginning
to understand
what you're dealing
with now, huh?
Just by coming here,
you've interfered with
Doflamingo's business.
That will anger a great
many powerful people,
ones you don't want to cross.
They will act, and when they do,
it will shake the
world to its core.
That chaos is just
what Law is after.
You're both fools!
These people are
out of your league.
You're playing with
fire, Straw Hat.
[laughs]
Capture me if you can,
but I'm well protected.
Doflamingo. The Four Emperors.
Tell me, do you truly
have the guts
to pick a fight with them?
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
I don't think you so, Straw Hat.
If you want to run,
then now's the time.
You should get out of my way
while you still have a chance.
[laughing]
[LUFFY]
What'd you say?
[gasps]
Incredible!
I'm pickin' a fight.
That's what I've been
doin' my whole life!
[NARRATOR] Caesar's Gas-Gas
Fruit may be potent,
but its power is no match
for the enraged Luffy
and his flying fists.
Elsewhere, Smoker faces
an unavoidable defeat
as he realizes how
helpless he is to combat
the devastating Haki wielded
by his opponent, Vergo.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Surprising Outcome!
White Hunter vs. Vergo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!